We just spoke about some of the awkwardness around ad change and unlike ad in particular is actually
going to present a little bit of an issue inside of our program.
So let me tell you why all right.
Quick diagram.
So this is what is going to happen whenever choke at our first starts up inside of application.
We're going to have our app startup.
We're going to watch some directory provided by the user choke it out is going to see all the files
inside there and it's going to attempt to essentially register each them each time emitting that ad
event.
So right now for the implementation of our site the project like specifically the watch it code we're
probably going to end up wanting to take the user's code whenever we see that ad event and run it.
Right.
That makes sense.
Well here's the downside to that approach choke DA is going to startup that's going to emit that ad
event and so immediately we're going to start to run the user's code and then like half a second later
or a millisecond to be precise very quickly after that choke it out is going to emit that ad event again.
And so then right after that you and I are going to once again stop the user's program and then start
it back up because hey we don't know any better.
We just saw that some file got added and remember the entire goal of our project is to say that anytime
any file changes or gets deleted or gets added We're going to restart the user's code so then shortly
after that choke it out is going to register a new file.
So we stop and start again.
And then that root process is going to repeat itself 50 or 100 or however many times equal to the number
of files that we just registered.
So in other words for everyone in the console logs we see right here we are kind of saying that we're
going to stop the users code if we've already executed it and then start it back up again just because
we initiated or started up our program that's clearly a little bit awkward.
Definitely not what we want to do.
So how are we going to get around this.
Well here's what we really want to do.
We want to have a system closer to this right here.
We want to have our program to start startup have choked our start to watch some directory and then
the instant that it adds a file rather than starting up the user's code right away.
You'll be really nice if we could put in some little timer of sorts and say OK let's wait for like 100
milliseconds to go by and see if any other events get emitted if any other event does get emitted then
restart the hundred millisecond timer so every single time we see one of these events we can reset this
timer to 100 milliseconds and then eventually if say 100 milliseconds goes by without a new ad event
then that means OK start up complete we're probably ready to go and start up the users code.
So this is how we're going to solve this issue if the cause of the issue or this diagram over here is
still not clear.
Another way we can make the issue here really clear is to go back to our code and change file added
right here to something like starting users program is that's really what we want to do now we save
this go back over.
We can stop this running program with control C and then start a back backup with.
Watch it again.
That should make it more clear where he essentially saying every single time we see that ad event well
a file has been added.
And so that means we need to start up the users program.
And if we did that we are going to be starting the users program this many times right here clearly
way too many times.
So that's why we need to somehow implement a timer of sorts and make sure that we only start to initiate
or execute the users code after some amount of time passes without an ad event so this entire process
right here of kind of having a timer and then waiting for some amount of time to pass before executing
some code of our own is referred to as DB bouncing a function.
You might have seen DB bouncing functions somewhere else inside this course already if you hadn't.
I'm not going to go too much into D bouncing just yet because there's another section inside this course
that goes into them in much greater detail and even shows you how to create a d bounce function from
scratch so instead I'm just going to show you how to essentially solve this issue in a very direct and
straightforward manner so quick pause right here.
We'll come back next video make a quick change to our code to add in this sort of waiting timer.